(speaker) Array.
So now we're going
to build the graph.
So first thing
that we need to do
is define our hyperparameters.
The first one is the LSTM size.
So this is the number
of units in the hidden
layers in the LSTM cells.
So LSTM cells actually have
four different network layers
in them.
There's like three sigma
layers and one TNH layer.
So this is the number of
units in each of those layers.
So if you set this
to 256, then there's
256 units in each of
those four layers.
Otherwise, you can
basically just think of this
as like setting the number of
units in your hidden layer.
It's kind of all it is,
except LSTM cells are
way more complicated than
just a normal hidden layer.
However, that's the same idea.
I mean, you're just
setting the number
of units in your hidden layer.
And as you probably know
by now, that the more units
you have in your hidden layer,
then the better performance
you're going to get
out of your network
at the expense of
computation, of course.
Next is our LSTM
layers hyperparameter.
So this just says
the number of layers
that you are using
for your LSTMs.
So this is deep learning.
So this is just setting the
number of layers we have,
the number of hidden layers
in LSTM cells we're using.
So again, as usual, the
more layers you have,
typically the better performance
you're going to have.
But then also you
run into overfitting.
So what I've seen is
that a good practice
is to make your network large
and be fine with overfitting,
but then add regularization
like dropout to it
to control overfitting.
That being said, I'd start
with 1 and see how it does.
And then if you feel like you
need to add another layer,
you can do that and then
see how the validation
accuracy responds.
So next is the batch size.
So this is just the
number of reviews
that we're going to feed to our
network in one training pass.
Typically, you want is
as high as you can go
without running out of memory.
The reason this is because
our networks and TensorFlow
is really good at doing
calculations on matrices.
And so then the
fewer matrices we
have to pass in, then
the less computation
time it's going to take.
However, if you have a lot of
weights, a lot of connections
in your network,
then you're going
to quickly hit this memory
limit in your GPU or computer.
So basically, the way
to do this is just
to make this as large as you can
before you run out of memory.
And finally, we have
a learning rate.
So here is the first step
in creating your network.
So just defining placeholders
for the inputs and the labels.
And then we're also going
to be using dropout here,
so we want to make a placeholder
for the key probability
in our dropout layer.
OK, I'll leave this up to you.
So the next thing is going
to be our embedding layer.
So this layer here is colored
yellow in our diagram.
So again, we're
dealing with something
like 74,000 words
in our vocabulary.
So if you try to
[INAUDIBLE] code this,
it's going to be
massively inefficient.
So instead, what we're going
to do is just pass in integers
and we're going to
use an embedding layer
and use that layer
as a lookup table.
So you saw how we did this
in the word2vec lesson.
So what you could do is actually
train up an embedding layer
with word2vec and then
just import that in here.
However, it turns out
that for most cases,
unless you have like
massive amounts of data,
then it's usually just fine
to make a new embedding layer
and then let the network
train up those connections
and find representations
on its own.
So here I'll let you create
the embedding matrix with
tf.variable and use
tf.nn.embedding_lookup to get
the vectors that were going
to pass to our LSTM cells.
So if you need some
help with this,
go ahead and go back
to the word2vec lesson
and see how I did it there.
Also, you can read documentation
on embedding_lookup
by clicking this.
Next, we're going to
define our LSTM cells.
So we're not actually
going to be building
the network in this
part, we're just
going to be building what's
inside these LSTM cells.
So here you can check out this
documentation on TensorFlow's
recurrent network functions.
So the first one that
we're going to use
is just a basic LSTM cell.
So you can get that with
tf.contrib.rnn.BasicLSTMCell.
So this is what the function
documentation looks like
and basically you
just create the cell
and then you tell the
number of units to use.
In our case, I called this
LSTM size, above there.
So you can just say,
LSTM is equal to basic,
all those basic LSTM cell, LSTM
size, and that's all you need.
It looks something like that.
So next, we're going to add
dropout to our LSTM cells.
And that's really useful
because it just kind of makes
your network better
with very little effort.
So if you remember, dropout
as a regularization technique
that can help us
prevent overfitting.
With these LSTM units,
it's really easy
to use dropout with this
class called dropout_wrapper.
So basically, you
just pass in cell
and you pass in your
key probability, which
we defined as a
placeholder above,
and then you just
have this drop.
So it basically acts
exactly like an LSTM cell,
except now, your LSTM cell
has dropout on the output.
So again, you have this
option to add more layers.
And TensorFlow also
makes this really simple
using
tf.contrib.rnn.MultiRNNCell.
So here you just pass
in a list of cells.
So in our case, since we
have this dropout, like I
was saying, this is
just a normal LSTM cell,
this is like wrapped
in like dropout,
it is just adding
dropout on the end.
So now we can just
create this list that
is however many
layers long and then
pass this to multi RNN cell.
So this is just going to
create a list of cells
and then it's going to
just build layers for us.
So here use all of this
to build the LSTM cell.
So here you're going to create
just your basic LSTM cell,
then you're going to
add dropout to it,
and then you can stack it
up in multiple LSTM layers.
So here I'm just using the
cell to get an initial state.
So if you remember,
LSTMs have cell states
that are passed
between our LSTM cells.
And this is just creating that
initial cell state that's all
0's.
And this is going to get
updated through training
and through passing
data in as a sequence.
So finally, we're going to
build our RNN forward pass.
So what this means is that
we're going to pass in our data
and then it's going
to go through here
and then actually
calculate the outputs.
So the whole reason that
I'm using an RNN here
is that we can actually
get information
about the sequence of our
words and our reviews.
So you might remember
from Andrew Trask's lesson
that he just used a
feedforward network.
So in that case,
the network only
knows about the individual
words that were in the review.
But in this case, we
have the individual words
that were in the review,
but also the sequence
that they appeared in.
So the individual words
are coming through here,
through the embed layer, so they
have this kind of vertical path
through the network.
But then, since we're using
a recurrent neural network,
we also have this
sequential information
that's getting passed
through the hidden layer.
So our output here,
"positive," knows
that "best" and "movie"
came before "ever,"
and now we have this information
about the sequence of words
in our review.
So this makes it such that
recurrent neural networks
actually perform
better than just
normal feedforward networks.
So the way we're going
to implement this actual
like running our
data through the RNN
is with tf.nn.DynamicRNN.
So what you need
to do here is just
pass in your cell, which
we already created,
and the inputs, which
are, in our case,
coming from our
embedding layer and going
into the hidden layer.
So that's what
those inputs mean.
It's not the inputs
to the network,
but it's the inputs
to the LSTM cells.
It's the input to
this hidden layer.
Then you also give
it the initial state.
What this does is it actually
goes through this network
and then calculates the
state for each hidden layer
and passes it to the next one,
and also calculates the output
of each of the hidden layers.
And then when it's
done doing that,
it gives us this list
outputs and it gives us
the final state.
So here I'll leave it up to
you to build this dynamic RNN
and calculate the outputs
and the final state.